Logistic regression becomes a classification technique only when a decision threshold is brought into the picture. The setting of the threshold value is a very important aspect of Logistic regression and is dependent on the classification problem itself.
The decision for the value of the threshold value is majorly affected by the values of precision and recall. Ideally, we want both precision and recall to be 1, but this seldom is the case.

In the case of a Precision-Recall tradeoff, we use the following arguments to decide upon the threshold:-
1. Low Precision/High Recall: In applications where we want to reduce the number of false negatives without necessarily reducing the number of false positives, we choose a decision value that has a low value of Precision or a high value of Recall. For example, in a cancer diagnosis application, we do not want any affected patient to be classified as not affected without giving much heed to if the patient is being wrongfully diagnosed with cancer. This is because the absence of cancer can be detected by further medical diseases but the presence of the disease cannot be detected in an already rejected candidate.
2. High Precision/Low Recall: In applications where we want to reduce the number of false positives without necessarily reducing the number of false negatives, we choose a decision value that has a high value of Precision or a low value of Recall. For example, if we are classifying customers whether they will react positively or negatively to a personalized advertisement, we want to be absolutely sure that the customer will react positively to the advertisement because otherwise, a negative reaction can cause a loss of potential sales from the customer.
Based on the number of categories, Logistic regression can be classified as: 
 

binomial: target variable can have only 2 possible types: “0” or “1” which may represent “win” vs “loss”, “pass” vs “fail”, “dead” vs “alive”, etc.
multinomial: target variable can have 3 or more possible types which are not ordered(i.e. types have no quantitative significance) like “disease A” vs “disease B” vs “disease C”.
ordinal: it deals with target variables with ordered categories. For example, a test score can be categorized as:“very poor”, “poor”, “good”, “very good”. Here, each category can be given a score like 0, 1, 2, 3.
